content/contact.md, before:

---
title: "Contact"
date: 2022-09-02
---

![Matrix](/images/matrix.jpg)

I highly recommend that you contact me via Matrix, so we could take advantage of their end to end encryption. My Matrix is [@tommy:arcticfoxes.net](https://matrix.to/#/@tommy:arcticfoxes.net).

In case you do not have a Matrix account, you can sign up for one on my homeserver [arcticfoxes.net](https://arcticfoxes.net) or on [matrix.org](https://app.element.io). Alternatively, check out [joinmatrix.org](https://joinmatrix.org/servers/) for a list of public homeservers. I do not ask for your email address or any personal information for registration on [arcticfoxes.net](https://arcticfoxes.net). All you need to provide is a username and password.

If you prefer to reach out to me via email, my address is contact@tommytran.io. You can use my [PGP Key](/tommy.asc) to encrypt the messages. Aliases:

- tommy@privsec.dev
- tommy@arcticfoxes.net

I am available on Twitter as well:

- [@TommyTran732](https://twitter.com/tommytran732)
- [@PrivSec_Dev](https://twitter.com/privsec_dev)

My Git accounts:
- [GitHub](https://github.com/tommytran732)
- [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/tommytran732) (inactive)
- [Gitea](https://git.tommytran.io/tomster)

Packaging:
- [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/account/TommyTran732) (login required)
- [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/tommytran732) (inactive)
- [Quay.io](https://quay.io/tommytran732)

Please by wary of anyone claiming to be me or using the handle "TommyTran732" reaching out to you. Chances are, they are an impersonator. You can always contact me via Matrix or Email for identity verification.

Commit message:

Add Signal contact
Signed-off-by: Tommy <contact@tommytran.io>

content/contact.md, after:

---
title: "Contact"
date: 2022-09-02
---

![Matrix](/images/matrix.jpg)

## Signal

The best way to contact me is to use [Signal](https://signalapp.com). My Signal number is +1 4153666350. Note that this number is for Signal only - please do not call or send me SMS/MMS/RCS messages.

## Matrix

You can also contact me via Matrix. My account is [@tommy:arcticfoxes.net](https://matrix.to/#/@tommy:arcticfoxes.net). If you do not have a an account, you can sign up for one on my homeserver [arcticfoxes.net](https://arcticfoxes.net). I do not ask for your email address or any personal information for registration.

## Email

If you prefer to reach out to me via email, my address is contact@tommytran.io. You can use my [PGP Key](/tommy.asc) to encrypt the messages. Aliases:

- tommy@privsec.dev
- tommy@arcticfoxes.net

## Other Accounts

Twitter as well:

- [@TommyTran732](https://twitter.com/tommytran732)
- [@PrivSec_Dev](https://twitter.com/privsec_dev)

My Git accounts:
- [GitHub](https://github.com/tommytran732)
- [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/tommytran732) (inactive)
- [Gitea](https://git.tommytran.io/tomster)

Packaging:
- [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/account/TommyTran732) (login required)
- [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/tommytran732) (inactive)
- [Quay.io](https://quay.io/tommytran732)

Please by wary of anyone claiming to be me or using the handle "TommyTran732" reaching out to you. Chances are, they are an impersonator. You can always contact me via Matrix or Email for identity verification.
